MONIPAR DATABASE v1.0

The data set collected during the experimental campaign consists of triaxial-acceleration data of 21 patients with PD and 7 healthy control subjects. Each participant performed the complete set of 8 exercises once a week, commonly on the same day and at a similar hour.
Three Matlab files are provided containing the raw data of the experimental subgroups: (1) Supervised, (2) Remote, and (3) Healthy control.
Each Matlab file (*.m) contains a Data structure in which each "cell" represents a "single trial". The rows represent a different subject and the columns represent a different week.
Each single trial has 5 columns  representing the following data:
Column 1: Time stamp in milliseconds
Column 2: Accelerometer x-axis (unit m/s^2)
Column 3: Accelerometer y-axis (unit m/s^2)
Column 4: Accelerometer z-axis (unit m/s^2)
Column 5: Monipar exercise Label. The values for these labels can be:
LABEL : COMMENT
0: Postural transition.
1: Resting periods.
2: Postural tremor of the hands.
3: Movement of the hands to the chest.
4: Finger Tapping of the thumb and index fingers.
5: Rapid movements of the hands (open and close hand).
6: Pronation and supination movements.
7: Arising from a chair.
8: Gait.

Additionally, two Matlab files are provided containing the Tremor Labels for selected subject in the experimental subgroups: (1) Supervised, and (2) Remote. 
Each (label) Matlab file (*.m) contains a Data structure in which each "cell" represents the labels for the corresponding "raw data single trial" (note that not all trials were labeled with tremor labels).
The values for these labels can be:
LABEL : COMMENT
-1: No labeled signal
0: No Tremor during resting (MDS-UPDRS 0: Normal)
1: Slight Tremor (MDS-UPDRS 1: < 1 cm in maximal amplitude)
2: Mild Tremor (MDS-UPDRS 2: ≥ 1 cm but < 3 cm in maximal amplitude.)

A file "MONIPAR SUBJECTS DATA.xlsx" is provide with additional information of the participants (PD and health controls)
A script named Fast_watch_signals.m is provide to show how to read the raw accelerometer data.
